Update Unify space deletion docs (#7397)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/account-deletion.md

## Delete the data from a Unify space

Workspace Owners can delete a Unify space and all of its profiles, computed traits, audiences, journeys, and other settings. 

To delete a Unify space: 
1. Sign in to the Segment app and select **Unify**.
2. From the Profile explorer page of your most recently selected Unify space, select **Spaces**. 
3. On the Spaces tab, find the space you'd like to delete and click **Delete**.
4. Enter the space name and click **Delete space**. 

> Segment waits for 5 calendar days after you initiate a deletion request to complete a space deletion. 

Author: ```suggestion
Segment does not begin a Unify space deletion until 5 calendar days after you initiate a deletion request. If you would like to reverse your space deletion request, you must cancel your request during the 5 calendar days after your initial request. Once Segment deletes a Unify space, it can't be recovered.
```
